Update Samsung certificate login UI (#1873)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/get-started/certificates/creating-certificates.md

3. Sign in to Samsung account

>     A pop-up notification appear, indicating a 5-minute timeout for accessing Samsung account sign-in page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A pop-up notification appears, indicating a 5-minute timeout for accessing the Samsung account sign-in page.
```

Author: changes done. Thank you.
